Carolyn says, "This is me the crab. Check it out, I move through the sand like this and I make a sound like this…umph…umph…umph…okay nevermind. But I'll tell you a story. I said I've never been camping before, and that's basically true. But I did stay in these cabins once, as it happened, on a trip with three single boys. I was going to hook up with one of them, and it was completely my choice. I was sure they all wanted to. Then I was in the outhouse and the lock on the inside, this way over complicated lock, broke. The guys couldn't break the door open, so I had to stay overnight until the campground office opened. After that I smelt like outhose no matter how many times I showered. None of those guys would come near me then, even the dorkiest of the three. I spent the rest of the trip looking for skunks to spend time with. Anyway, that's my story. Usually I smell like roses. But you guys already know that. At least I hope you've noticed. I'd be kind of insulted if you didn't. so is anyone else going to tell stories or should I go again? Want to hear about when I lost my virginity? You really don't, there was a lot of blood, and another guy who quite suddenly became grossed out by me. I've gotten used to that sort of thing. Like right now. You're all looking at me differently than ten minutes ago."

The pub was absolutely packed inside with huge parties of people, most of whom were wearing team shirts of some kind. As they made there way to the bar the crowds were eyeing them like they were outsiders and didn't belong, but Richie thought that was bullshit since it was a pub and he intended to go buy a round of something expensive just to prove something. When he got there he stood beside a man Richie might of guessed to be in his fifties, though it would be hard to tell cause he was shaved balled and in better shape than Richie had ever been. What he liked though was the guy kept looking over with a friendly smile, so Richie said, "What's up, how's it going?" "Hey mate, I'm doing good."

Percy recalls the family party. An odd occasion. There was far too much drinking. It is not good for a family to drink like that, particularly when a family is first getting to know each other. But maybe that's what big families do, they drink and spill embarrasing stories, embarrass themselves more than they ever would in front of their friends. Of course most large family's wouldn't have to go through a getting to know each other period. Maybe theirs never would, maybe this would be the end. But here were six cousins from that family, on a canoe trip together. It seemed unlikely they would become super close, but Percy wasn't close to anyone at the moment.


They were lucky to have the extra paddles. The paddles where used to secure the three canoes together, making a kind of catamorane. Nobody expected to have to deal with two meter waves in the lake, but it was a great lake afterall, and afterall, only Sam and Kate where residents of the lake. The waves felt strange as there was no storm, just sunny skies above them, but the wind had been building from the North East, all the way from the St. Lawerence, and that's what had built the swells they were riding. 


	"What the fucking hell," said Kate, "why is this stone beach made of fucking bricks. Look at this, it's entirely wave worn bricks." 
 	Sutherland said, "Jesus Christ, there's rebar over there too. And is that a fucking toilet seat? This place is off the wall fucking creepy." 
	They walked up and over the bank of brick and concrete and rebar and found a long stretch of muddy ground. There was a sound of engine, and turning to look, they all saw a dump truck driving from far across the mud flat. The truck looked to be filled with the same brick and rebar they saw on the beach.


The dump truck stops, and the guy seems to be looking at them astonished, though that's probably how they are looking at him. He gets out, walks about half way to them, and yells, "Hey, this isn't the weekend."
	Richie looks at Percy, to see if he compreheded anything of what the guy just said, but he looks just as confused. "Right you are, man."
	"Yeah, so your not supposed to be here, the park is only open on the weekend."
	Percy said to Richie, "Did he say park?"
	Richie, just to double check, took another look around him, but was still sure he only saw a stretch of mud flat and a shoreline of brick, concrete, and rebar. 


The Coasts were a large family that had spread out through much of Canada. It was impossible to keep track of the number of cousins, but a family reunine organized by Kate and Sam's parents (their mothers were siblings), who both lived the small town of Coburg on the Northern end of the lake, had brought together this collection of six cousins. Sutherland, from Alberta, and Richie, from the East Coast, new eachother well enough as their father's were brothers. Jake and Samantha, however, new no one in the boats. Samantha was from Vancouver and Jake Vancouver Island. They were second cousins to the other four, and outliers of a sorts. 


Sutherland said, "That's it for me and the rigs. God I can't hang out with coke heads anymore, or heroin heads or everything else heads. That's all they do up there. But you guys know me, you've seen some of my stash, but of course you haven't seen all of it. Kate, see the duffel bag sitting next to my back pack, open that up."
	Kate said, "Jesus fucking booze hound Sutherland, look how many bottles are in here. And what is this stuff? Bowman's Scotch, Plymouth Gin, I don't recognize any of this stuff."
	"That's because not one of those bottles costs under $50. We're drinking good shit this whole trip guys. I've got a lot a cash after working the rigs, and that's exactly what I like to spend it on, though to be honest I don't know what any of it is either, just that it's expensive."

Percy said, "You all have a personality that's based in a kind of home. I don't really feel like I have that. I was kind of an awkward kid in high school, and then I went and worked the rigs for three years. Now I'm back and I need to find a new life, but I'm honestly not even sure what I'm interested in." He proded the coals with his stick for a while, not expecting any answers.
	Then Sam started these slow single strums on her guitar while staring at Percy thoughfully. "I'm trying to get a read on you Percy, but it's hard. Sometimes I think you're just full of shit, but maybe not."
	Richie said, "Just a whole lot of hog wash if you ask me folks--figuring your life out and all that stuff. I'll show you how to figure life out." He goes to Percy, grabs the bottle of scotch, and takes such a swig that some drips down his beard.
	The girls laugh. Carolyn says, "Richie, you're the kind of guy that makes the girls laugh all the time, I can tell, but do you get laid? That's what I want to know."
	"Ha! Do I have unaccouted for children is what I want to know."
	"Oh, greasy," says Kate, and she goes off to the edge of the woods, finds some logs, brings them back and tosses them onto the fire.
	Ambers explode from the flames and land on everyone. Carolyn says, "Hey, you're catching us on fire! Look, I'm glowing like a christmas tree. I got holes in me now. I'm smoking; or I might as well be smoking…like you guys. Maybe you can spark one up, help a burn victim out."
	 "I didn't think you were the type," Richie says, as he complies with her wishes.
	"Well sure, in the right circumstances. I just don't smoke them one after another like you chaps do."

"I never been on the water before," Jacob says, "I spend most of my time at home. On the computer, or programming hardware, or testing out tech stuff. Guess you could say I'm a tech nerd. I think that's why my fiancee likes me, because I stay at home and don't usually do social stuff. She was actually really upset that I came out here, but my mom told her it was really important. She's always trying to get me to interact with people more, and seeing as I've never really made any friends, I guess she figured our relatives were the next best thing."
	"The next best thing," says Richie, "well I love you too cousin. I mean that was just real sweet."
	"Hey, shut-up a second," says Carolyn, "You're getting married? You never mentioned anything about that. When?"
	"One month."
	"Where? What's the plans? What's your fiancee like?"
	Jacob gets up. He walks over to his backpack and rummages through. Percy is sure he is about to pull out photos of her, but instead he pulls out his book and headlamp. "If you guys don't mind, I'm going to go read for a bit over there," and he walks away.

Sam said, "look at that lake, look how oily black it is in the night. I want to walk on it, I want to walk on water. You guys laugh, but I dream about walking on water every night. I'm not joking. It's how I fall asleep, by dreaming about walking on water."
	Kate said, "She goes on like this all the time. Back home too, whenever we have beach parties, but it aint going to happen Sam, so just shut the fuck up."
	Carolyn said, "Don't tell her to shut-up. She's just talking about picturing stuff."

Sam says, "So what do you guys think about my dad? I mean being in jail and all. We can talk about it, I don't mind." 
	Kate says, "Well you know what I have to say, your dad's a fucking asshole, and who gives a shit if he's in jail anyway. Your not a teenager, and when a kid ceases to be a parent's problem a parent ceases to be a kid's problem, and that's just all there fucking is to it." 
	"Thanks Kate, I know your opinion, and your parents are awesome so it sucks in your case."
	
Kate says, "Fucking right I'm into dirt biking. I was third in a contest just last week. Don't worry about what contest, it wasn't huge or anything, but I was the only girl in the whole thing and I kicked fucking ass. I was going hands free and shooting my legs out right off the launch. You guys should come watch me sometime. Not anytime soon though, my bike is fucked after that shit. Got to buy new break disks, and probably spend the next month working on that shit. My dad could do it in a week, but he's so stoned he never gets to shit. It's fun though, I get all zen and the art of dirt bike maintanence about it, not that I've ever read that book, but my dad goes on about it forever when he gets stoned. Anyway, I get pretty into the zone when I'm fixing my bike."

They saw a boat approaching, an inflatable raft, but a large and obviously high tech one--a zodiac. The raft was painted in red and black, and it had a metalic stand over a steering wheel podium. As the zodiac got closer they could see a siren on top of the metalic stand. 	"Crap," said Jake, "that's a police zodiac."
	"That's the worst kind of zodiac," said Sutherland.
	At that moment they tried to look away, tried to pretend they felt no concern about the police zodiac approached, but a quick blip of the siren and a flash of lights from the metalic cage showed how futile that was. The turned to see the zodiac approaching the canoe, and that there were three officers in the boat, all women. 
	"I love the girl at the wheel."
	"Shut-up Jake…good afternoon officers." They just stood there, sunglasses on, staring at the canoe. "Fine day for a paddle, wouldn't you say?" They looked at eachother, then back at the canoe. "We'll be on our way I suppose." 
	"Unless you want to hang out," Jake interjected.
	"Did that kid just talk to me?" The driver asked one of her partners.
	"Shut-up Jake…please ignore my cousin, he's kind of an idiot."

"Break away, the Long and Windey road, stary nights, gone fishing, I'd rather be sailing, the cat's ass, that one's okay, the silver lining…oh God. Okay, here's my impression of someone naming their boat the silver lining, 'so what are you going to name your boat dear?'" She says in a women's voice, then swiching to a man's… 'Gosh, I don't know. All I can think about is how hard our lives are, how tragic really.' 'It's true dear, but at least we have our health, and millions of dollars in the bank.' 'Yes, but not so many millions that our kids will have millions…or would if we had kids.' 'That's true dear, but we don't have kids, and perhaps that's a silver lining in our troubles.' 'What did you say?' 'The silver lining, dear, that we don't have kids.' 'Why your right darling, we don't have kids, but we do have a boat; no kids, but a boat; a boat called silver lining.' 'Oh well done dear.'" Carolyn goes quiet, looking expectantly at her audience, who stare at her with near vacant faces. "Seriously? Nothing?"

The huge bald guy said, "Christ mate, we're a dragon boat team, don't you know there's a huge race today?" 
	Sutherland said, "And where did you paddle from with that accent?"
	"Funny guy! But I get it, we're probably the only ones here who came overseas, not that we came here just for this race. We're a team from South Africa, came for a really big race in florida, but decided to come up here for this one too. All these other mates are probably from around Toronto or not too far away. I figured you guys are from Toronto."
	"God no, we're just checking the city out, but we haven't got there yet."
	"Haven't got there yet?"
	"Listen man, we're going to sit in the audience and cheer you guys on, we want you to win over these chumps."
	"Alright mate, better get out there then, seats will fill up fast."

The dragon boats ran a hundred meter course along the widest canal they had seen so far. The audience stands were at the starting point, where most of the races where probably won, as was a large concrete bridge that could hold at least a hundred people. The cousins stood closer to the end, where people were skattered around the mowed grass that was shadded by the kind of giant canopys only grassland park trees are able to grow. Behind them the parkland seemed to stretch endlessly away from the canal.

Carolyn said, "guys we should really get into the city soon. We got to do some shopping, I mean we're here, we might as well. You guys could get some new hoodies while I look for real clothes."
	Sam said, "I'd actually by happy not to go into the city at all. It's funny though, a canoe trip to the city. I've tripped all over the province, but I've never done anything like this before. The funny thing is I've never once convinced Kate to go on a trip with me, this is the first time."
	"Yeah, ha ha, it's like I would never go on a canoe trip, and I'd never go to this city, but you put the two together and I'm like yeah, fuck, I can do that."
